Getting_started.md, before:

# Getting started with nRF5 and CadSoft EAGLE (R)

Nordic Semiconductor already provides [reference designs][altiumreference] for Altium Designer (R), but if you cant afford Altium or simply prefer EAGLE here is a quick guide

This quick guide assumes you are familiar with doing PCB designs in EAGLE, if not; both [Adafruit] and [SparkFun] has guides on how to get started


1. First clone or download the reference designs and libraries from [Github].
2. Select the reference-design that fits your application the best (if you have no idea; use *nRF52832_qfaa_dcdc*)
3. Add your own parts in the circuit diagram
4. Do the layout and routing
5. Do not modify the geometry of the rf part


## Antena

## NFC

## Vias







[sparkfun]: <https://www.sparkfun.com/>
[addafruit]: <https://www.adafruit.com/>
[github]: <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nrf5-eagle-reference-design>
[designguidenrf51]: <https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/blogs/655/general-pcb-design-guidelines-for-nrf51/>
[designguidenrf52]: <https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/blogs/870/general-pcb-design-guidelines-for-nrf52/>
[referencecircuitry]: <https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.nordic.infocenter.nrf52832.ps.v1.0%2Fref_circuitry.html&cp=1_2_0_51&anchor=concept_aqp_fd1_fq>
[altiumreference]: <http://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.nordic.infocenter.nrf52%2Fdita%2Fnrf52%2Fpdflinks%2Fref_layout.html&cp=1_5>

Commit message:

Written some more on getting started

Getting_started.md, after:

# Getting started with nRF5 and CadSoft EAGLE (R)

Nordic Semiconductor already provides [reference designs][altiumreference] for Altium Designer (R), but if you cant afford Altium or simply prefer EAGLE here is a quick guide on how to use the EAGLE reference design.

This quick guide assumes you are familiar with doing PCB designs in EAGLE, if not; both [Adafruit] and [SparkFun] has guides on how to get started


1. First clone or download the reference designs and libraries from [Github].
2. Select the reference-design that fits your application the best (if you have no idea; use *nRF52832_qfaa_dcdc*)
3. Add your own parts in the circuit diagram
4. Do the layout and routing
5. Do not modify the geometry of the rf part

Please refer to the general pcb design guidelines for [nRF51][designguidenrf51] or [nRF52][designguidenrf52]

## Antenna
In the Nordic_misc library there is supplied some suggestions for antennas, please note that antenna characteristics depends greatly on the board layout. These antennas are made according to the [whitepaper][monopole] on quarter wave monopole 2.45 GHz antennas. Remember to [tune][antuning] the antenna

## NFC
An NFC listener antenna suggestion is supplied in the Nordic_misc library, this is the antenna used in the [nRF52-DK] development kit. Remember to [tune][nfctune] the antenna.

## Reference designs
![alt-text][dcdc_reference]

The reference designs supplied for eagle are made by following the [general pcb design guidelines][designguidenrf52] and referencing the [altium reference layout][altiumreference]

## Libraries

### Nordic_nRF
This library contains the nRF51 and nRF52 in qfn and bga packages, as well as; capacitors, inductors, and a 32MHz and 32kHz xtal. All that is needed for the core reference design.

### Nordic_misc
This library contains the rest of the components used in the sample eagle design(s) in the github repository, as well as some simple antenna suggestions.

[sparkfun]: <https://www.sparkfun.com/>
[addafruit]: <https://www.adafruit.com/>
[github]: <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nrf5-eagle-reference-design>
[designguidenrf51]: <https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/blogs/655/general-pcb-design-guidelines-for-nrf51/>
[designguidenrf52]: <https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/blogs/870/general-pcb-design-guidelines-for-nrf52/>
[referencecircuitry]: <https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.nordic.infocenter.nrf52832.ps.v1.0%2Fref_circuitry.html&cp=1_2_0_51&anchor=concept_aqp_fd1_fq>
[altiumreference]: <http://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.nordic.infocenter.nrf52%2Fdita%2Fnrf52%2Fpdflinks%2Fref_layout.html&cp=1_5>
[nfctune]: <https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/blogs/957/nfc-tag-antenna-tuning/>
[nRF52-DK]: <http://www.nordicsemi.com/eng/Products/Bluetooth-low-energy2/nRF52-DK>
[dcdc_reference]: <nRF52832_qfaa_dcdc_reference.png>
[monopole]: <http://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/topic/com.nordic.infocenter.whitepapers/dita/whitepapers/pdflinks/nwp_008.html?cp=10_12>
[antuning]: <https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/topic/com.nordic.infocenter.whitepapers/dita/whitepapers/pdflinks/nwp_017.html?cp=11_4>
